feat: Editorial review for @scope docs (#30290)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/cascade_layers/index.md

## Review of the cascade concept

> The C in CSS stands for "Cascading". It is the method by which styles cascade together. The user agent goes through several, very clearly-defined steps to determine the values that get assigned to every property for every element. We will briefly list these steps here and then dig deeper into step 4, **Cascade layers**, which is what you came here to learn:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The C in CSS stands for "Cascading". It is the method by which styles cascade together. The user agent runs through several clearly defined steps to determine the values assigned to every property for every element. We will briefly list these steps here and then dig deeper into step 4, **Cascade layers**, which is what you came here to learn:
```
